oh woe is me for I am like those who
gather summer fruits like those who
glean vintage grapes there is no cluster
to eat of the first ripe fruit which my
soul desires the faithful man has
perished from the earth and there is no
one upright among men they all lie in
wait for blood every man hunts his
brother with a net that they may
successfully do evil with both hands the
Prince asks for gifts the judge seeks a
bribe and the great man uh ters his evil
desire so they schemed together the best
of them is like a Brier the most upright
is sharper than a thorn hedge the day of
your Watchmen and your punishment comes
now shall be their perplexity do not
trust in a friend do not put your
confidence in a companion guard the
doors of your mouth from her who lies in
your bosom for Sun dishonours father
daughter rises against her mother
daughter-in-law against her
mother-in-law a man's enemies are the
men of his own household therefore I
will look to the Lord I will wait for
the God of my salvation
my God will hear me do not rejoice over
me my enemy when I fall I will arise
when I sit in darkness the Lord will be
a light to me I will bear the
indignation of the Lord because I have
sinned against him
until he pleads my case and executes
justice for me he will bring me forth to
the light I will see his righteousness
then she who is my enemy will see and
shame will cover her who said to me
where is the Lord your God my eyes will
see her now she will be trampled down
like mud in the streets in the day when
your walls are to be built in that day
the decree shall go far and wide in that
day they shall come to you from Assyria
and the fortified cities from the
fortress to the river from sea to sea
and mountain to mountain yet the land
shall be desolate because of those who
dwell in it and for the fruit of their
deeds
Shepherd your people with your staff the
flock of your heritage who dwells
solitarily in a woodland in the midst of
Carmel let them feed in Batian and
Gilead as in days of old as in the days
when you came out of the land of
I will show them wonders the nation
shall see and be ashamed of all their
might they shall put their hand over
their mouth their ears shall be deaf
they shall lick the dust like a serpent
they shall crawl from their holes like
snakes of the earth they shall be afraid
of the Lord our God and shall fear
because of you who is a God like you
pardoning iniquity and passing over the
transgression of the remnant of his
heritage he does not retain his anger
forever because he delights in mercy he
will again have compassion on us and
will subdue our iniquities
you will cast all our sins into the
depths of the sea
you will give truth to Jacob and mercy
to Abraham which you have sworn to our
fathers from days of old
[Music]
you